README.md, before:

# Merge Masters BNB

## Introduction
During our first engineering project at Makers we were requried to make a clone of Airbnb. 
This was also our first time working in a team. We used Agile practices to ensure our project was a success.

## Demonstration

### The user lands on the log in or sign up page.
![Log in page](readme_images/log_in_view.png)

### After successfully signing up and logging in, they can see all the listings posted on the site.
![Listings page](readme_images/all_listings_view.png)

### The user can click through to a listing and request a booking.
![Make booking page](readme_images/make_booking_view.png)

### They can look at their bookings to see whether they have been confirmed.
![Your bookings page](readme_images/your_bookings_view.png)

### They can also make their own listings.
![New listing page](readme_images/new_listing_view.png)

### The requests page shows all the booking requests made on their listings. This is where they can accept requests.
![Requests page](readme_images/booking_requests_view.png)

## How to Install and Run the Project
```bash
# Install gems
bundle install

# Run the tests
rspec

# Run the server (better to do this in a separate terminal).
rackup
```
## How to Use the Project

After the above steps have been completed and rackup is installed, simply type rackup into your terminal and in your web browser, go to http://localhost:9292

## Credits

*** [Alice Wood](https://github.com/aliceswood), [Andrea Ruggieri](https://github.com/aandre6891), [Cameron Murison](https://github.com/CKMurison), [Evan Thomas](https://github.com/ev-th), [Julian R Festing](https://github.com/Raphael40), [Will de Montmollin](https://github.com/awdem) ***

Commit message:

Update introduction and add process and tech section

README.md, after:

# Merge Masters BNB

## Introduction
Merge Masters BnB is an AirBnB clone made as the first group engineering project for [Makers Academy](https://github.com/makersacademy). The app allows a user to create an account and add listings that can be rented out over a range of dates. Users can also browse other users' listings and request to book them. Users can check requests made on their listings and choose whether to accept them.

## Process and Tech
We followed Agile best practices to complete this project over the span of a week. Merge Masters BnB is a full stack web app built with Ruby, Sinatra, and PostgreSQL. We used test driven development with RSpec. 

## Demonstration

### The user lands on the log in or sign up page.
![Log in page](readme_images/log_in_view.png)

### After successfully signing up and logging in, they can see all the listings posted on the site.
![Listings page](readme_images/all_listings_view.png)

### The user can click through to a listing and request a booking.
![Make booking page](readme_images/make_booking_view.png)

### They can look at their bookings to see whether they have been confirmed.
![Your bookings page](readme_images/your_bookings_view.png)

### They can also make their own listings.
![New listing page](readme_images/new_listing_view.png)

### The requests page shows all the booking requests made on their listings. This is where they can accept requests.
![Requests page](readme_images/booking_requests_view.png)

## How to Install and Run the Project
```bash
# Install gems
bundle install

# Run the tests
rspec

# Run the server (better to do this in a separate terminal).
rackup
```
## How to Use the Project

After the above steps have been completed and rackup is installed, simply type rackup into your terminal and in your web browser, go to http://localhost:9292

## Credits

*** [Alice Wood](https://github.com/aliceswood), [Andrea Ruggieri](https://github.com/aandre6891), [Cameron Murison](https://github.com/CKMurison), [Evan Thomas](https://github.com/ev-th), [Julian R Festing](https://github.com/Raphael40), [Will de Montmollin](https://github.com/awdem) ***
